Update PHP docs regarding changes to the `ErrorHandler` (#8455)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/php/common/integrations/index.mdx

This integration hooks into the global PHP `error_handler` and emits events when an error occurs.

> To do so, it ensures that Sentry's `ErrorHandler` is registered, and adds a callback to it as an error listener. By default, the `ErrorHandler` reserves 16 KiB of memory to handle fatal errors. When handling out of memory errors the `ErrorHandler` additionally increases the [`memory_limit`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/ini.core.php#ini.memory-limit) by an additional 5 MiB to have enough room to send the out of memory event to Sentry, this change is only done once and only has effect for the handling of the out of memory error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, it ensures that Sentry's `ErrorHandler` is registered, and adds a callback to it as an error listener. By default, the `ErrorHandler` reserves 16 KiB of memory to handle fatal errors. When handling out of memory errors, the `ErrorHandler` additionally increases the [`memory_limit`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/ini.core.php#ini.memory-limit) by an additional 5 MiB to have enough room to send the out of memory event to Sentry. This change is only done once and only affects the handling of the out of memory error.
```

> If you want to change the amount of reserved memory for fatal error handling or the amount the `memory_limit` is increased with when handling an out of memory error you can register the fatal error handler yourself before calling `\Sentry\init(...)`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the amount of memory reserved for fatal error handling or the amount the `memory_limit` is increased when handling an out of memory error, you can register the fatal error handler yourself before calling `\Sentry\init(...)`:
```
